Carl — Material Fulfillment system   


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: Chiranjib Nath <chiranjib.nath@pkweb.in>
Date: Thu, Jul 6, 2017 at 2:40 PM
Subject: Re: Website Development Project
To: carlmattocks@gmail.com


Hello Mr Carl,

It was nice discussing with you about your project. I got to know several things from you. Anyways, I am writing up the things we have discussed so far. Please have a look and let me know and we can get started from here.


1) There will be three types of users i,e admin, service providers and end users
-- Admin, conceage, service provider (aka seller) , Buyer (aka end-user)

2) The end users will first create their account <Profile> with the site and 
    the admin will approve the account and then only their account will be active

3) The end users will get an e-mail acknolodgement of the the account creation from the system 

4) Then the end users will login to their account and post their requirements

5) The service providers will have to create their account <profile> with the site in order to submit offers 

6) Similarly as the end users, the admin will approve their account and then only the account will be active

7) Then they <the service provider>  will login to the site to submit their offers 
?? what did you mean by "on the listings of the end users"

8) When the end users find the right offer they are looking for, 
 "they will contact the service provider and they will discuss about the pricing etc" 
 -- NO the price and time limit are part of the offer

9) Once this is done the deal will close - a contract will be drawn

10) In order to submit the offers on the listings, 
    the service providers will have to digitally sign a contract 
    "by ticking a checkbox " NO by proving they are the person they ay they are AND that they are still connected to the system

11) The admin can track of all the activities especially the transactions 
     and anytime an admin personal can login to the admin panel and 
         see the previous transactions, 
         manage the users, 
         edits the pages etc <= should not be able to edit the contract


As we discussed, we will develop the MVP with these features and with agile methodology. 


We will develop the site from scratch in WordPress. We will first create the designs for the site and based on the approved designs, we will develop the site. We will first start with the homepage design of the site and then we will work on the other pages of the site.


Our budget for the MVP would be $3500 USD and we would take around 45-50 working days for this first MVP. We will work as phases and with milestones. 


As we discussed, we are ready to start working on this project. Kindly review and let me know your views so we can discuss further and get started working on this esteemed project.


I appreciate your time reading this mail and looking forward to this excellent opportunity to working with you for a long time!


-- 
Thanks & Regards,

Chiranjib Nath

Senior Manager

Mobile: +91-9093741904 

Skype: chiranjib.project
